# Corona Fact Checker Privacy Policy
*[Last modifier: May 7, 2020]*

# Introduction
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs the data collection practices Corona Fact Checker( “Us”, “we” and “our”) uses when you use our browser add-on extension. This Privacy Policy is provided to make important disclosures on how or why we collect, share and use data. Our users’ privacy is important to us. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy carefully prior to using our product and use it to make informed decisions.
# Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
* **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
* **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to.
* **Service** refers to the Website.
* **Country** refers to: Bangladesh
* **Service** refers to the Corona Fact Checker browser add-on.
* **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
* **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
* **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

# What Information Do We Collect?

The information we collect includes non-identifiable user generated content on social media platform *www.facebook.com* which is made available via the user's use of Corona Fact Checker add-on. We only collect text of the user generated contents and no other data is collected. We do not collect any Personal Data. We do not collect any Usage Data.


# How is the Data Used?
We use the data to provide and maintain our Service.
# How is the Data Shared?
Given that we do not collect your personal data - we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer it to third parties. We share collected content data with our Service Provider. 

# Cookies and Third-Party Tools
We do not use any tracking service and do not use Cookies.

# Amendment
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. The policy is relevant as it is published on this site. If we change it, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date above.

# How to Contact Us? 
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by visiting this page on our website: www.coronafactcheck.net/contact
